{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title resume}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 RAWLEY SPEED\

\fs24 From Beautiful Austin, TX, United States of America\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 MOBILE: 512 431 3699
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b EMAIL: rawleyspeed@gmail.com
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b WEBSITE: brandospeed.com\

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 What I\'92ve Done
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 SweetLeafTea.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Design, development, audio, and animation. This crazy site was\uc0\u8232 quite the undertaking, but the finished product was well worth it.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Friskies.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 As a lover of all things cat myself, I had more than a passing\uc0\u8232 interest in this client. Web design and development, digitally\u8232 adding cats to psychedelic video snippets, web and print ads\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 StubbsBBQ.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Consumer site for Stubb\'92s Bar-B-Q sauce. I believe Mr.\uc0\u8232 Stubblefield would have been more than satisfied to see his\u8232 visage displayed so prominently on the web.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Verio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 A little bit of everything: print and web ads, web design and\uc0\u8232 development, HTML emails, direct mail, a few Christmas cards.\u8232 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Where I Did It
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Cinsay\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Mar 2012 - Dec 2012
\i0 \uc0\u8232 UI/UX design and development\u8232 Cinsay\'92s Video Cart enables customers to view and purchase\u8232 products directly from an embedded video. As Lead UI Designer\u8232 and Developer, I updated the design of Cinsay\'92s video cart and\u8232 ported it to several platforms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Dell Consumer Online\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Nov 2010 - Mar 2012
\i0 \uc0\u8232 In-house web development for Liaison Resources\u8232 Not long after arriving, I became one of the only resources for\u8232 web app development for Dell\'92s consumer online division.\u8232 Working primarily in HTML/CSS/JS and Flex, I created interactive\u8232 web apps for product launches and sales events.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Fosforus\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Mar 2007 - Nov 2010
\i0 \uc0\u8232 Web, video, animation and print design\u8232 At Fosforus, I designed for just about every media imaginable:\u8232 Print, web, illustration, animation, video, mobile apps, logos, copy\u8232 writing, direct mail, email campaigns, and more.\u8232 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Education
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 2005 \'96 2007
\i0 \
Texas State University, San Marcos, TX\
BFA Communication Design\
Graduated Summa Cum Laude\

\i 2003 \'96 2005
\i0 \
Austin Community College, Austin, TX\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Design Skills
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash/Flex\
Fireworks, Create JS, Edge Animate\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Programming Skills
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 HTML, CSS, JS, JQuery, Node JS, PHP,\
Coffeescript, Sass, Haml, Flex, MySQL\
Wordpress, Drupal, Python, Ruby\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 The Rest
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Communication skills, drive, passion,\
humor, ability to learn and adapt (I do\
tutorials for fun), technical skills (I know\
my way around the command line), an\
understanding of web trends, and a keen\
interest in the future of web technologies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 So Why Hire Me?
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 I\'92m a web enthusiast who keeps up with the latest technologies and trends. I\'92m not afraid to get my hands dirty coding in a new language, working with unfamiliar software, or making difficult design decisions. One of the things I love about this profession is that I am constantly learning new things and am able to share ideas with people who are as excited about web design as I am. Without a doubt, collaboration is how the best work is produced. So why hire me? Above all, I\'92m a guy that people like working with.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
}